# Pokemon
## Requirements
- iOS 16.0+
- Swift 5.9

## Overview
SwiftUI-based application designed using the MVVM-C (Model-View-ViewModel-Coordinator) architecture for scalability, modularity, and testability.

## Approches
1. MVVM-C Architecture: Implemented MVVM-C using async/await.
2. Modular Design: Created separate modules for Network (API interactions) and DataStore (local persistence using SwiftData).
3. Pokemon List Pagination: Data is fetched from the API with pagination, which is integrated into the scrolling list for seamless user experience.
4. Model Layers: 
- DTO (Data Transfer Objects): Used only in the repository layer.
- SD Model(SwiftData model): Designed for local persistence.
- Domain Model: Used in the service layer for business logic.
- View-Specific Model: Used in the view layer for rendering UI.
5. Coordinator for Navigation: Coordinator pattern is used for managing navigation flow.

## Scoring Logic Example

**Scenario**: Player answers after 40 seconds (max allowed time: 30s)

```swift
// Time ratio calculation
let elapsed = 40.0
let normalized = min(max(40 / 30, 0), 1) // → 1.0 (clamped)
let ratio = 1 - normalized // → 0.0

// Score calculation
rawScore = 10 * 0.0 → 0.0
roundedScore = 0.0 → 0
evenScore = 0 (already even)
finalScore = max(2, min(10, 0)) → 2

```

## Modules
1. PokemonNetworking: Provides a simple, reusable API wrapper around the network back end, facilitating data retrieval. It abstracts the complexity of networking and parsing, offering a clean interface for developers to interact with API endpoints.
2. PokemonDataStore: Provides a simple, reusable wrapper for data persistence, enabling efficient data saving and retrieval. It abstracts the complexities of data storage, offering a clean interface for developers to interact with data generated by the PokemonNetworking module.
3. PokemonDomain: Provides bridge between PokemonNetworking and PokemonDataStore. It avoiding teh circular dependency.
